to see it you know anybody very
interested in and excited about this
fantasy island yeah I like it too did
you watch the show when you were a kid
no young for that yeah yeah no I did I
did watch the show you did okay I do you
guys remember the show by any chance yes
Saturday night Saturday night The Love
Boat and Fantasy Island it was a night
it was a one-two punch yeah really we
were really excited about tattoo because
remember he used to come out and and
they remember I built that whole life
around it yeah he has no idea you know -
yeah yeah I used to watch the show to
regard the war table on yeah but no he
wasn't a - no as you say the plane oh
yeah
can you say it mood tonight yeah not
today
all right well maybe mañana mañana would
be better okay my Nana would be better
but I used to watch the show and just I
loved it when he's like de plane de
plane
yeah you could have been in the movie
and this is why you're not so yeah who
plays tattoo it um it's I can't say real
I had to sign an NDA and all those
things oh you did yeah I can't it's that
you're keeping the cast member secret
internal yeah yeah that's very
interesting that's how the cookies
crumble no uh-huh yeah Wow I am so
curious to find out who that person
could be well when you watch the movie
it's gonna be about a bunch of beautiful
young smart people doing dumb things I
see now that's actually what most movies
are like right like you know really
smart people doing like stupid decisions
sometimes they're not that smart but
yeah there are things this is well this
is a horror movie scary move hydaburg
yeah it's like a thriller horror I like
it's got everything Jimmy I was so you
know Fantasy Island up until it's
probably on YouTube now but when my
older kids were you know around like 12
years old I wanted them to see it
somehow got a collection of bootleg DVDs
of Fantasy Island and I forgot how weird
the show was it was really weird yeah
very like like it was almost like mr.
Roarke might be affiliated with Satan
and somewhere at people would come and
they'd have like their fantasy a dream
and then it always went horribly yeah
yeah yeah and they always learned a
lesson they learned a lesson you
remember on the show like the movies
different but in the show I remember
that you they never had the right
fantasy like I always wanted to like
just say you know just ask for all the
money in the world just ask for all the
money in the world yeah just ask to
marry so many beautiful somebody did do
that it would say like I want me and my
best friend to have a better
relationship have better therapy
sessions I remember one where the guy
was like I want to be every woman finds
me attractive and it's great like for
the first half of this series and then
everyone chase all these women are
chasing him around and it becomes
horrible and then he realized that he
should remain unattractive to women you
should be in the movie like scary movies
in general I did I think I was forced
into scary movies guys who well you know
I lived in a bad area so my mom always
you know for entertainment she would
take us a theater on Sunday we would pay
a dollar 25 26 Street Chicago and we
would we could watch movies all day oh
so the first couple of movies were like
laying game idea and the third movie
would be like The Exorcist she's like
hey you know Wow everybody's that much
money for popcorn so then you get you
gained and appreciate yeah it's one of
those things where it's like kind of a
train wreck like you're watching the
movie you know you shouldn't be watching
the movie you're pissing a little bit
and then you just love them and then you
want to keep going and going and this is
at six years old Wow are your parents
like superstitious yeah super super
super oh yeah are they
super superstitious yes yeah double
superstitious yeah exactly I remember we
would have to do we would have to do
these crazy things I don't know if your
family did it but my family was
superstitious oh yeah the thing called
the evil eye meloria in italian without
a whole thing that was yeah yeah yeah we
had cleansing with eggs
what dude I'm not kidding if there was
something bad that happened number one
we'd have to light a candle I'd have to
go to church light a candle and I you
know and then you know we'd have to
stand on a stool and my mom would be
cleansing us with eggs and what do you
mean cleansing you were they I'm just
I'm just I'm just answering the question
no but like what was physically
happening well she I don't know there's
something about this special egg where
she just thought that the evil spirit
was gonna get caught in the egg and the
eggs were really cold so in the
summertime I felt kind of good she would
be doing this and I was like yeah mommy
playing okay and you just gone with it
you know we didn't have air conditioning
so this is next best thing you know so
she kept doing that doing that then she
would put in a window glass oh she would
put it in a glass of water and flip it
over side she's like that egg is gonna
turn black and I was like okay cool and
how many days and three and we would go
check after two days nothing three days
nothing throws out the egg it's like the
opposite of the Easter Bunny really it
would not turn black and she keep doing
it over and over and over again she
would ask her why the egg wasn't black
no I just kept telling her that there
might be some evil spirits around that I
need the cleansing again I said oh you
want the eggs yeah well you can wind up
with a weird sexual fetish like from
some Oh like like you add an omelet bar
suddenly you really like your crazy
[Laughter]
hard-boiled is okay yeah that's about
where you draw the line though yeah yeah
that's it well it's very good to see you
yeah I can't wait to see what's going on
with this Fantasy Island ya know it like
I hopefully everybody gets I just
figured it out Guillermo is tattoo and
he's not say anything sign the head drop
yeah all right all right well it's very
good to see you movies go Fantasy Island
it opens February I am Jimmy Kimmel give
back this holiday season by my new book
the serious goose I wrote it and
illustrated it all the money I make
those two children's hospitals across
the country so you know what to do